Exercises 1.1

Q1.
Let a variable be equal to A.
Let variable "A" be equal to the succeeding variable and continue this until the last letter of the array
Let the "D" variable be equal to the variable that is holding the variable "A"

Q2.
In the beginning when input values are provided for M and N, there is a possibility that M is greater than N. However after this,
the variable R which is holding the variable that is from the result of the Modula M and N which must be smaller than the M
since the result is from the remainder of both M and N and R has to also be smaller than N otherwises it needs to be minused by
N again since it can be divided again. Moreover, the algorithms continuous swaps M with N and N with R until R is 0, hence M must be larger
than N after AlgorithmE1.

Q3.
So in my solution, instead of swapping N with the remainder of the division between M and N, i would swap the M with the remainder. 
Since if you were to swap it like M <- N <- R, it probably will take a long time. And then after this step, you divide N with M since
M is the smaller value as proven by Question 2 and then make N be equal to the remainder and if the N or M is equal to 0 return N or M
which does not equal to 0. Essentially, my logic is that when you modula both M and N, you want to replace the bigger number 
with the remainder and it will work the same logic as the Euclid algorithm, and as such, repeat this until either value as reached
to 0.


Q4.
57

Q5.
The algorithm in AlgorithmE undertakes a mathematical response hence it will terminate once it reaches a value of 0 or below, however with the algorithm that is described in the book, it has indefinite
amount of steps. Like forexample, what function evaluates that you are Mathematically inclined. The amount of absurdity in this written approach, makes it
hard to reach an output and as such i believe this algorithm is not effective.

Q6.
Since M has to be higher than 5 as proven by Q2 and moreover, in the case of the value of M is 29 or anything with it's first digit as 9, the most that N can be is 4.
29%5 = 4
5%4 = 1
4%1 = 0
I think it will take approximatelly around 3 steps in order to complete this at the least. 

Q7.
Not too sure about the question but according to Knuth's solution ""In all but a finite number of cases, n > m. And when n > m, the first iteration of Algorithm E merely exchanges these numbers, so Um = Tm + 1."
I believe that he is implying that since with the case of N > M and that M is known with N varying and when the exchanging occuring of which
The varying N is equal to M and the fixed M be equal to the varying N. I believe he is trying to imply that If N < M that means Tm = Um however with the N > M
that would mean Um = Tm

